Welcome to Arlo. You are the hero of this story sire and we hope you enjoy the adventure.
 
The small kingdom of Arlo is in the northern corner of the continent. 
You are from Bespin the second largest village in Arlo. It's a village in the dense forests of Cethos.
You've lived here you're whole life, but it's time you leave home as is the custom for your people.
It's a right of passage per say. First thing's first though, you need to select a task to complete on your jouney.
You leave your home and make your way to the village elder Erma.
As you approch her home you see all the other's taking on the quest. There are around fifteen or so other than you.
Erma "It's good to see so many young people setting out to become true men and women of our village.
I wish you all the best on your jouney, and hope to see you all back here soon.
There are three tasks you can complete to return home. Before you go please see one of the priests to pick your task."
You make your way out of the crowd to the first priest you see.
Priest "Welcome child which task do you wish to take?"
*3
A	Win the Horde trophy in the Grand Tournament-19
B	Take messages from the Capital to the troops at the border-24
c	Defend a border village from bandits-34
 
The Grand Tournament is a huge pristegous event that brings great honor to those who participate. 
The Horde challange is the most difficult of challanges with only one or two competitors surviving each year.
This will be a great way to prove myself as a warrior. You grab the entry letter from the priest ready to head for the capital.
-43
 
You've always enjoyed stories of beautiful places along the border of Arlo.
You've wanted to see it for yourself. Why not work while you're at it?
You take a messenger's badge and bag from the priest. He smiles kindly at you.
Priest "Not many see pride in being a messenger. It's nice to see you value knowlegde."
@ "I just want to travel. If I'm helping out while doing what I enjoy I'm sure to have fun working too."
The priest thinks for a minute before responding.
Priest "Yes I suppose you're right about that."
He chuckles to himself before becoming serious once more.
-43
 
Combat has always been your strong suit. The priest seems a bit hesitent by your decition.
Priest "The front lines are dangerous. I trust you are aware of this yes?"
@ "Fighting is all I've ever been good at I'll be fine."
A small smile spreads across his face.
Priest "I see, well since you feel so strongly about it here."
The priest hands you a letter.
Priest "This is for the general at the barrecks in the capital. He will give you your post from there."
-43
 
Priest "I prey for your safe and valient return."
@ "Thank you."
You wave at the priest as you head for the village gate. You take one last look at your home before stepping out into the world.
It's been three days since you left home and the capital is only a little ways off. You should make it by early afternoon.
You stop at a village just outside the capital for lunch. You hear the locals chatting about anything and everything.
One thing sticks out though. Some girls have gone missing, and so has anyone who has searched for them.
*2
A	Ask about it-53
B	Say nothing and leave-61
 
@ "Excuse me, but I happen to hear you mention some people went missing here."
Man 1 "Yes some young girls went to play by a cave near the lake and didn't come home. When some guard went to investigate then didn't return."
@ "I see their families must be worried. Is there anything I can do?"
Man 2 "Oh no. We couldn't get someone else involved in this matter. We've lost enough people as it is."
@ "Don't worry about me I'm from Bespin. This is my job. I'll see what I can do."
With that you leave befor the men can say anything against you. You make your way to the lake where everyone has gone missing.
-67
 
I have my own work to do I don't have time for this. You finish you meal and leave. You leave the village and make you're way down the road and pass by a lake.
You notice a cave that seems oddly out of place, but you're not sure why.
*2
A	Inspect the cave-67
B	Keep going-73
 
You enter the cave to find the corpses of grown men scattered about.
This smells like it's been here a few days.
You start to hear footsteps deeper in the cave and then a girl's scream. You go charging in to find.
&Combat
After freeing the girls the villagers thank you for your help. They give you a [Loot] for your troubles and you go on your way.
 
You make it to the capital later than you expected to. It's later in the afternoon, but it's not quite time for dinner yet.
You make your way to the guard post by the gate for information on where to go.
(Tournament-77)(Messenger-)(Frontlines-)
 
The guard in charge gives you directions to the arena and who to see. Once you get there a Women not much older than yourself addresses you.
Women "Are you a contender for the games this year? You seem young compared to the others who've come."
@ "Hello I was sent from Bespin to take on the Horde Challange. I was told to see you."
Women "Yes that explains the age. My name's Ginana, but everyone call's me Gina. If you'll follow me we'll get you started."
Gina showed me to the training arena, dinning hall, and bunks I'd be using until the tournament started in a week.
I spent that week mostly training and helping Gina with miscellaneous tasks around the arena.
Gina "Hey you want to make a little money taking care of something for me. This group of thugs have been harassing the other girls here."
Gina "They hang out at the tavern across town. I know the girls will feel much safer working here if they were gone. What do you say?"
*2
A	Help the girls-94
B	You're too busy-89

@ "Sorry Gina, I've already promised my free time to helping out around here."
Gina "I see, that's fine you help out so much already. Well I have other chores to get to now. Thanks for all the help you do."
You feel bad since you probably could have made time, but you've already said no.
-

@ "Sure I don't see why not. I haven't been up to much lately anyway."
Gina's face lights up at your response. She gives you a big bear hug you wouldn't expect from her size.
@ "Gina I can't breath."
Gina "Oh! Sorry I got excited. Okay so the thugs are called the Rat Gang. Just get them to leave us alone. That's all we want."
@ "Sure thing Gina. Consider it done."
You make your way to the tavern in question to stake out the place. It's pretty quiet and empty considering it's noon.
You take a seat at the bar and wait for the gang to show up. It doesn't take long to hear a comotion outside.
A group comes busting through the door. They're load, roudy, and already drunk.
One grabs a weatress by the coller and yells.
Thug "We want the strongest stuff you've got, and we won't take no for an answer."
After seeing the girl pushed to the ground, you rush them.
&Combat
